# Client Meetings Report - Sprint 8

## Agenda (11/10/2025)
 * Demo updates to the GIS services panel, including the ability to permanently delete GIS services after removal
 * Show minor UI updates that moves sorting and filtering to layer panel
 * Discuss bugs we encountered with GIS layers, filtering, admin page, card loading
 * Discuss what we should prioritize in upcoming development

## Minutes (11/10/2025)
We met with Julie and Jan. Zach showed his general bug fixes and his update to fix card rendering load problems. Yaru showed his updates to the GIS service feature, specifically the ability to search removed services and restore or permanently delete removed services. Jonathan showed his updates with the UI that moved the sorting and filtering functionality to the layer panel. Julie and Jan's main suggestion for upcoming development was to consider accessibility features, so as to comply with the university's accessibility policy.

## Retrospective Summary (11/10/2025)
Here's what went well:
  * We are developing an efficient method of designing our agenda beforehand and sending it to the clients in advance, so as to have a smoother and more structured meeting.
  * All team members effectively demoed their changes to the client.
  * We had a constructive conversation with the client about future development.
 
Here's what we'd like to improve:
   * We need to focus more on bug fixes as we reach the end of development, as many still exist with the already existing features. We would like to leave the client with a working final product.
   * Improve accessibility features to comply with university standards

Here are changes we plan to implement as soon as possible:
   * General bug fixes, such as to the profile menu, admin page, GIS services tab, and sorting and filtering features
   * Update the UI to be easier to use

## Agenda (11/17/2025)
 * Show what bugs we have fixed over the previous week. These include GIS services not being able to be removed, sorting and filtering functions not working, and users not being able to be deleted from the admin page
 * Discuss bugs we encountered that we have not yet fixed, including problems with GIS sublayers
 * Discuss potential implementation of combining the tags and location search functions into one search function
 * Make a plan for the client to test the current version of the application for bugs

## Minutes (11/17/2025)
We met with Julie and Jan. Zach showed his general bug fixes, his update to the profile menu, and his fix to the admin page so that users could be deleted from the page. Yaru showed a new bug fix so that removed services were able to be restored and non-removed services were able to be removed. Jonathan showed a new bug fix that fixed the sort and filter functions. Julie and Jan suggested that a new Closest to Pin or Closest to Map Center sort feature be added, and to make the Current Location map button's function more clear. We are planning on merging our changes by the end of the week to allow Julie and Jan to thoroughly test the application over the Thanksgiving break.

## Retrospective Summary (11/17/2025)
Here's what went well:
  * All team members effectively demoed their changes to the client.
  * We've established a clear plan for the remainder of the semester, and have tasked the client to bug test.
  * We had a good discussion with the client about future potential features.
 
Here's what we'd like to improve:
   * We need to focus more on bug fixes as we reach the end of development, as many still exist with the already existing features.
   * Improve clarity on existing features that describe the function of each feature within the application.
  
Here are changes we plan to implement as soon as possible:
   * Implement the Closest to Pin sort function, or some other kind of sort function that can work with an arbitrary location rather than current location.
   * More controls in the GIS panel, including adding the ability to rename or remove GIS layers and adding a removed GIS service button to the sidebar.

## Agenda (12/01/2025)
 * Go over the list of bugs that the client discovered since the previous meeting. We will create a plan on how to implement these fixes for the remainder of the semester.
 * Discuss progress on poster, project report, and other end-of-project deliverables.
 * Demo a few changes to the application, including admin controls to edit GIS layers and a new Closest to Pin sorting function.

## Minutes (12/01/2025)
We met with Julie and Jan. Over break, Jan found some bugs with markers loading, markers not being able to be clicked, and the layout misaligning when the upload modal is open. Julie also found some bugs with loading cards and toggling layers. We will work on fixing these bugs as soon as possible. Jan also had a few suggestions for future development, including combining search functions, a page showing all cards, profile pictures for icons, and UI improvements to increase contrast. We also mentioned we were finishing up our poster and would have our sprint deliverables by the end of the week. Yaru also demoed a change for the GIS layers that allowed for services to be renamed or removed, and Jonathan demoed a new Closest to Pin sorting function.

## Retrospective Summary (12/01/2025)
Here's what went well:
  * We had a good discussion of the bugs the client found, and what we can do to address them.
  * We were able to outline our final plans for the semester.
  * We effectively demoed a few changes we had made to the application over the break.
 
Here's what we'd like to improve:
   * We would like to improve the efficiency in which we address bug fixes, so as to deliver the best final product possible.
   * We would like to implement some final UI changes and a few small updates as well.
  
Here are changes we plan to implement as soon as possible:
   * General bug fixes, specifically with the markers and card loading from database.
   * Some UI updates to make sure all elements align properly and all content is visible.